I'm not good enough for you.
This is my new phone.
Take back what you said.
I'll take it as a gift.
I'm WeChat.
You can't take it back.
To be honest, Chen Tianze.
I'm on good terms with you.
You're a sweet dog.
Get out of here.
Yeah.
I haven't got rid of the sweet dog.
My room is ready.
We can play the game last time.
I'll give you 4,000 yuan.
You're good, Li Sheng.
You're going to dump this trash.
I'll give you a little more.
Little girl.
I'm so nice to you.
Why do you abuse me?
What's the use of being nice to me?
I want to live a rich life.
Can you give me that?
Look at Li Sheng.
It's 50,000 yuan to buy a bag.
Look at you.
You owe a lot of debt.
You can't even support yourself.
I owe you a lot of debt.
Did I force you to borrow it?
I'll be your girlfriend.
What's the matter with spending a little money?
If you don't have money, break up.
You're a dead waste.
You don't even deserve to give Li Sheng shoes.
Boy.
Haven't you seen your goddess?
You're poor.
You're only good enough to be a sweet dog.
You can't get it.
What?